The bug we recognized in the last lecture is a pretty mean one.
If we add a new recipe here, we hit save and we go to shopping list and go back,
you see it's lost, it's gone again,
test test and gone.
So what's happening here?
The issue we encounter here is that we provide our recipe service in the recipes component,
so all the components in this area share the same instance
but if we navigate away to the shopping list area, the recipes component is destroyed and so is the instance
of this service.
So what we need to do to ensure that our service survives is we need to add it to our app module here
by adding it to here, recipes service, recipe service and adding the import too, we make sure that now we
have one instance of the service all the time available
as long as our app is running.
So now if we add the spaghetti one more time with our beautiful image, very tasty as mentioned before
and I hit save,
now if I come back, it's still there
and as you can see, I can still edit it.
So this is now working,
now we can try putting it to the shopping list which of course doesn't add.
We first of all have to add some ingredients like spaghetti
but now this is working as expected,
well almost.
With the remaining bug that here once we clicked this X button, we're not deleting the ingredient,
so that's something we should also have a look at.